README.md, before:

# Song-Express
a Simple app to find the song that you want, made by Abedalrahman Shamia and Ibrhaim Elhelou
# Description
- AntiSpoti is the new world leader in song search, It gives you the ability to search and listen to your favorite songs anytime anywhere.

# Links
- [Heroku ](https://songfinderexpress.herokuapp.com/)
- [API](https://rapidapi.com/apidojo/api/shazam)

# why?

Tired of spotify and its detection over the music industry, from having to pay them just to get of the ads and for music that should be available for everyone well worry no more because Antispoti is here to change that 

# User Journey
- when you open the website you will be converted with the login page so you can register or login.
- Then you'll be redirected to the main page where you'll find the search bar.
- Type in any song you want to listen to.
- you'll get a list of songs that match your search

# User Stories
 As User I Want to be able to
 - Login to the web site.
 - search for the song I want.
 - get matching results.
 - when pressing the play button to be able to listen to the song.

# Technologies Used
- HTML
- CSS
- JS
- NODE
- API
- AXIOS


# Team Members
- Abedalrahman Shamia
- Ibrahim Alhleou

Commit message:

Renamed the application and updated the readme

README.md, after:

# Symphony

a Simple app to find the song that you want, made by Abedalrahman Shamia and Ibrhaim Elhelou

# Description

- Symphony is a simple application that helps you to find your favourite songs/artits , It gives you the ability to search for your favorite songs, know more about it, and listen to it anytime anywhere.

# Links

- [Heroku ](https://songfinderexpress.herokuapp.com/)
- [API](https://rapidapi.com/apidojo/api/shazam)

# Why?

Tired of spotify and its detection over the music industry, from having to pay them just to get of the ads and for music that should be available for everyone well worry no more because Symphony is here to change that

# User Journey

- As a user, When I open the website you I will be transitioned to the sign-up page.
- As a user, I will be able to sign up so I can use the app.
- As a user, I will be redirected to the main page where I will find the search bar.
- As a user, I will be able to Search for any song/artist I want.
- As a user, I will be able to see the songs that I searched for.
- If I click on the play button I will be redirected to the song page where I will see the lyrics of the song and be able to listen to the song.
- If no results found, No results found will be displayed.

# User Stories

As User I Want to be able to

- Signup to the web site.
- I want to be able to search for my favorite songs and artists, so that I can find them whenever I want.
- Search for the song I want.
- Get matching results.
- When pressing the play button to know more about the song and listen to it.

# Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- JS
- NODE
- Express
- API
- AXIOS

# Team Members

- Abedalrahman Shamia
- Ibrahim Alhleou
